[IMP] General: Google Oauth Docs edit (#3965)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/calendar/google.rst

Next, click :guilabel:`Select a project` and select (or create) an API project to configure OAuth
in, and store credentials. Click :guilabel:`New Project`.

.. image:: google/new-api-project.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new API project to store credentials.

.. tip::
   Give the API Project a clear name, like "Odoo Sync", so it can be easily identified.

Enable Google calendar API
--------------------------

Now, click on :guilabel:`Enabled APIs and Services` in the left menu. Select :guilabel:`Enabled APIs
and Services` again if the :guilabel:`Search bar` doesn't appear.

.. image:: google/enable-apis-services.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable APIs and Services on the API Project.

After that, search for ``Google Calendar API`` using the search bar and select :guilabel:`Google
Calendar API` from the search results. Click :guilabel:`Enable`.

.. image:: google/enable-google-cal-api.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable the Google Calendar API.

OAuth consent screen
--------------------

Now that the API project has been created, OAuth should be configured. To do that, click on
:guilabel:`OAuth consent` in the left menu and then select the :guilabel:`User Type`.

> .. warning::
>    Personal Gmail Accounts are only allowed to be *External* User Type, which means Google may
>    require an approval, or for *Scopes* to be added on. Using a Google WorkSpace account allows for
>    *Internal* User Type. It should also be noted, that while the API connection is in the *External*
>    testing mode, then no approval is necessary from Google. User limits in this testing mode is set
>    to 100 users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
   *Personal* Gmail Accounts are only allowed to be **External** User Type, which means Google may
   require an approval, or for *Scopes* to be added on. However, using a *Google WorkSpace* account
   allows for **Internal** User Type to be used.

   Note, as well, that while the API connection is in the *External* testing mode, then no approval is
   necessary from Google. User limits in this testing mode is set to 100 users.
```

> In the second step, :guilabel:`OAuth Consent Screen`, type *Odoo* in the :guilabel:`App name`
> field, select the email address for the :guilabel:`User support email` field, and type the email
> address for the :guilabel:`Developer contact information` section. Then, click :guilabel:`Save
> and Continue`.

Reviewer: this is string input so gets `pre` formatting
also, 100th char line breaks
```suggestion
In the second step, :guilabel:`OAuth Consent Screen`, type `Odoo` in the :guilabel:`App name` field,
select the email address for the :guilabel:`User support email` field, and type the email address
for the :guilabel:`Developer contact information` section. Then, click :guilabel:`Save and
Continue`.
```

Skip the third step, :menuselection:`Scopes`, by clicking :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.

Next, if continuing in testing mode (External), add the email addresses being configured under the
:guilabel:`Test users` step, by clicking on :guilabel:`Add Users`, and then the :guilabel:`Save and
Continue` button. A summary of the app registration appears.

Finally, scroll to the bottom, and click on :guilabel:`Back to Dashboard`.

Now, the OAuth consent has been configured, and it's time to create credentials.

Create credentials
------------------

> The *Client ID* and the *Client Secret* are both needed to connect Google Calendar to Odoo. This
> is the last step in the Google console. Begin by clicking :guilabel:`Credentials` in the left menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Client ID* and the *Client Secret* are both needed to connect Google Calendar to Odoo. This is
the last step in the Google console. Begin by clicking :guilabel:`Credentials` in the left menu.
```

Then, click :guilabel:`Create Credentials`, and select :guilabel:`OAuth client ID`, Google will open
a guide to create credentials.

Under :menuselection:`Create OAuth Client ID`, select :guilabel:`Website application` for the
:guilabel:`Application Type` field, and type `My Odoo Database` for the :guilabel:`Name`.

> - Under the ::menuselection:`Authorized JavaScript Origins` section, click :guilabel:`+ Add URI` and
>   type the company's Odoo full :abbr:`URL (Uniform Resource Locator)` address.
> - Under the ::menuselection:`Authorized redirect URIs` section, click :guilabel:`+ Add URI` and type

Reviewer: menuselection has too many colons (::)
these are guilabels anyway.
```suggestion
- Under the :guilabel:`Authorized JavaScript Origins` section, click :guilabel:`+ Add URI` and
  type the company's Odoo full :abbr:`URL (Uniform Resource Locator)` address.
- Under the :guilabel:`Authorized redirect URIs` section, click :guilabel:`+ Add URI` and type
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The Google Calendar checkbox in General Settings.

Next, copy and paste the *Client ID* and the *Client Secret* from the Google Calendar API
credentials page into their respective fields below the :guilabel:`Google Calendar` checkbox. Then,
click :guilabel:`Save`.

Sync calendar in Odoo
=====================

Finally, open the :menuselection:`Calendar` app in Odoo and click on the :guilabel:`Google` sync
button to sync Google Calendar with Odoo.

> .. image:: google/sync-google.png

Reviewer: Is this screenshot only for 16? @tiku-odoo

Author: This should be relevant for all versions @StraubCreative
